# Angular. Just Angular.

Let the last day of 2016 be the last day of annoying explicit "2" version mentioning in talks and workshop titles. Starting from NOW: we say "Angular" - we mean Angular "2" or later. Everywhere on this website.

ngVikings 2017 Conference will be the first event following this recommendation by Angular team after their switch to Semantic Versioning (SEMVER).

There is a great guest blog post ["Ok... let me explain: it's going to be Angular 4.0, or just Angular"](http://angularjs.blogspot.com/2016/12/ok-let-me-explain-its-going-to-be.html) by [Juri Strumpflohner](https://twitter.com/juristr) explaining all in details, here is the summary about naming from there:

__Basically from now on, name all versions of Angular simply “Angular”. Try to avoid using the version number, unless it is really necessary to disambiguate.__

Three simple guidelines:

- Use “Angular” by default (e.g. “I’m an Angular developer”, “This is an Angular meetup”, “The Angular ecosystem is growing quickly”)
- Use “Angular 1”, “Angular 2”, “Angular 4” when talking about a specific release train (e.g. when talking about a newly introduced feature - “This is an introduction to feature X, introduced in Angular 4”, “We are upgrading from Angular 1 to Angular 2”, “I’m proposing this change for Angular 5”)
- Use full semver version when reporting a bug (e.g. “This issue is present as of Angular 2.3.1”)

&nbsp;
* * *
&nbsp;

## Any questions?
Email organizers at [contact@ngvikings.org](mailto:contact@ngvikings.org)
