The LibertyJS organizers want to thank everyone for making the 2019 event an incredible experience!

Every year the organizing committee looks through every bit of feedback and holds a retrospective to understand how we can improve our next event.  This year is of course no exception, but we’ve had a shift in thinking and a realization that has a stronger impact for our 2020 event.

We are no longer a local conference!

Over the past 5 years we have continued to see such incredible growth and have started to attract speakers from around the globe.  While we will of course continue to maintain our roots in the Philadelphia technology community, we are going to step up our game to meet the needs of the global landscape.

This year we had a huge undertaking with a new venue.   Every venue has its own quirks and benefits.  Overall, the feedback that we received was positive, but there are specific items that we will address for 2020.

The WiFi situation was rough (politely said).  We will have to find a more sustainable solution in order for us to continue in this venue.  Fortunately there are a number of solutions we’re already starting to explore.

Seating and charging areas was another that we heard loudly that need to be addressed.  Next year, we plan on having a proper lounge area in the concourse with both of those issues being addressed.

There are some things we won’t be able to change (the split between floors and coffee not being allowed in the auditorium), we do think we can help this in how we manage the programming in 2020.

Overall the venue offered tremendous value in its location, access to local landmarks, proximity to public transportation, and the features built into the museum.

An area that we’ll be focusing on in 2020 as well is to continue to revise and vet our speakers.  We made huge improvements from the 2018 to 2019 season and will continue to take in feedback and adapt our process to best meet the needs of our attendees.

The challenge is of course that we want to ensure that new speakers entering the conference circuit have an opportunity.

This coming year as we narrow down a short list of speakers, we’ll be looking for their public presence and videos of their talks.  We’ll also look for how they’ve developed knowledge on the topic.  Self learning outside of professional opportunities is always going to be welcome, but it may cause us to have a discussion with them prior to acceptance of their speaker submission.

Additional care will also be taken in soft talk selection.  Soft talks (non-technical) are always important to helping us grow in the technology community, but this year we’ve learned that the selection process needs to vary for these proposals and more diligence needs to be taken from us as organizers.

An area that we as organizers would like to improve is around conference presence (more signage, more photo opportunities, more LibertyJS!) and around creating spaces that allow for discussion outside of conference programming.

Thank you again for taking the time to provide feedback and helping us improve year over year.
