Every good conference needs sponsors in order to optimize the value that it's able to offer attendees. LibertyJS is fully volunteer based, so all money is either spent on the conference or held to put deposits down for the next event.

Most people may not realize the cost of a venue for multiple days, food and beverage costs, insurance, swag, etc, but it adds up pretty quickly. LibertyJS relies on the contributions of sponsors for us to put on the best possible conference we can.

Fortunately there are very good reasons to sponsor conferences!

1. **Brand Awareness**
While we wouldn't say that LibertyJS is about sales opportunities, it is a great place for businesses to be seen as supporters of the tech community. This year we will have 400 attendees that are all active in their own individual communities. Barely a day goes by now that I don't see a LibertyJS t-shirt at work along with all the sponsor logos on the back. The brand exposure offered by sponsoring the conference lasts year round in these day-to-day kinds of ways.

2. **Building Relationships**
Approximately 5% of LibertyJS attendees are managers, but a whopping 36.6% are Senior Developers. Those are the people that have strong influence as to the tools and services their organization uses and are likely to be managers themselves down the line. Sponsoring LibertyJS and getting to speak directly to these up-and-coming tech professionals is an excellent way to build a rapport with key members of the tech community.

3. **Community Goodwill**
Our event is steeped in the needs of our community. Someone unable to purchase a ticket is able to gain free access through multiple channels, even if it's just volunteering for a half a day shift. We're constantly working to better ourselves as an inclusive and diverse force in our community—it's a top priority for us to make everyone feel welcome. Contributions from sponsors play a key part in helping us make that happen.

We would be unable to do that without funding from our sponsors.

4. **Show your investment in Tech**
There are two sides to this one. First, we offer free tickets to sponsors for your own team to come join the conference and participate! Some companies send literally dozens of people to the event—they understand and appreciate the need for continuing education (particularly in the fast-growing JavaScript space).

The other side of showing your investment in tech by sponsoring LibertyJS is promoting education within the community. This in turn increases the overall hiring pool of candidates.  When I see a company I work for sponsoring an event, I know they are investing in talent which is incredibly important to me.

5. **Reconnect with Tech**
It’s natural for tech companies to start to get disconnected from the core of technology as they grow. Tech underpins almost every organization and it's important for everyone to understand the capabilities surfacing at the developer level.

A good example here is understanding where the TensorFlow port into JavaScript has an impact in how you build your product or the services that you offer your customers.

Having a table at our event allows you to talk to our attendees and find out what makes them excited about what's being presented. Keeping in tune with the community helps your company keep in tune with the latest and greatest tech, and this will help your company stay on the cutting edge.
